wish i still had copy of those interview, but time march on, and any of those person surely would not' remember me at all so many year later.
the politic reminds me when i was back east.
fasten your seat-belt, lady, for we are about to enter a world of mean man and innocent, well-intentioned woman
well, you can not hate them for trying to make a buck.
i could have bought 3 can of cat food and watched my cat's face as he emoted more excitement
i am a nyc police officer
so much hype is what that was lurking around the movie before it is' red carpet premiere
i am watching this movie right now on wtn because that was the channel that the tv was turned to when i turned it on
i know high school kid in new zealand who could make better movie with their cell phone
something told me to go see meet the pare nots instead
i am a catholic who goes to church every week, but i do not agree with such christian arrogance
and maybe it is because i am used to the equally alienating and unrealistic worshiping portrayal that unnaturally deify lincoln as brilliant, honorable, and the savior of our country
a skinny plain looking woman accompanies bro' (reb brown) to the old country (romania) to uncover the mystery to her sister's murder/transformation/death.
one expects then to see the problem and its consequence and/or how it gets resolved.
airplane like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than ship's supply oxygen to maintain breathable air, and if they did rely on an on-board supply, the canister would be far bigger than fist sized.
i remember some time ago when walmart had this movie really cheap for sale and i always wondered why
the guy kept on assuming identity and cheating on his pregnant wife.
i like excellent, intelligent one too, but as with so many thing, variety is a good thing.
perhaps game show based on self-mutilation might be nice.
disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime movie that has poorly cast character actor jeremy renner languidly mumbling his way through the title role of jeffrey dahmer, who was easily one of the last century's most recognizable degenerates/serial killer.
he monitors hundred of sexual offender who are on parole in his jurisdiction.
gereco biotech company is fooling around with growth hormone research, accidentally releasing a baby crocodile which is evolving at an accelerating rate
as well as wondering the specific about the dahmer story, of which i know very little.
though capable of mind control and zapping object from afar, it takes three of them to operate a control panel of about two dozen button.
the film is about pre-apartheid south africa, and the story of a black man and a white man intertwining.
the villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cop a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving.
you see, my dear, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world...and he is got it!"
the young hero comes back from a 3-year absence, and suddenly he is superman on horseback
it is about a woman with a fascination of death who gets a job cleaning up after crime scene
as the kid run amok, their miniaturized folk must contend with monstrously huge insect, wrinkle in the carpet that look like canyon, and other threat to them.
léo decide that he needs to go to paris to see his ex-lover.
seem to have trouble trying to exit a mysteriously empty hospital.
note* the first comment, by the fellow who heaped praise upon the movie (and, according to his imdb.com account, has only written one review -- and guess for what movie?)
there are a couple of other minor story line that might actually be more interesting than the one taken, but they are not fully explored.