i had numerous problem with this film
dear god i do not know where to start why this movie sucked too much
i was pretty disappointed
if you are tempted to watch this movie, rip your eyeball out and flush them down the toilet
the music there was was annoying, and boring
someone must have been seriously joking when they made this film
ugly then, uglier now
this film is predictable
even the supporting male character are all "bad"
trust me, this is one let down movie that you want to avoid and this comes from one huge denzel washington fan
no twist or turn will make this a more interesting train wreck, or any different from any of the other
this is the type of movie where it actually hurts to acknowledge that it really, really suck
goldie's gotta be a contender for an actress who's done so much in her career with very little quality material at her disposal
it came to an end without reaching a conclusion
a perfect being makes for dull story telling
i have to say this is an awful movie, for the mere fact that when you see this movie on the guide, it is listed as a documentary
it is not worth a pie that you pay for the ticket
and, as a result it does not really go anywhere
everything about this film sucks
i could only get through about 25 min of it
also, one long section of dialog is in spanish with no subs (they are an option, but only when you listen to the french track).
the remaining hour and 45 minute was a formless, rambling mess that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting.
the acting is abysmal and completely forced
but i feel that the problem with the film is that "mood" is not enough... and not only that, but that the mood painted here is, to my mind, incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening.
but all in all, an awkward display of british music circa 1964
it is like the director/writer watched a lot of sci-fi film and threw all the part he liked into a blender and came up with this
its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally.
the quality of demille's direction is very low, and he does not show any particular skill that is unique to him
those who have not read the book might enjoy the movie, but as a huge tom robbin fan, this movie was nothing but a disappointment
oh my, i think this may be the single cheesiest movie i have ever seen
i think, though, for the most part, the humor falls a bit flat
there is a lot of sax on the soundtrack, which is just painful
it is a rusty version of the pare not trap and you should avoid it, or at least ensure your tetanus shot are up to date if you do not believe me.
the story is weak, the acting is weaker and the new zealand/american accent just do not work
then i went and saw it, i was sunk down in my seat almost asleep until i remembered that i had paid for this movie
this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i have seen timeline
i can recall no film that has tried so hard to be so unrelentingly outrageous, provocative and important, yet failed so consistently across the board.
certainly there is very little logic to this movie, but so are most of the sci-fi vampire flick
the viewer seems like a 3 hrs sleep watching this filmok they had 6 story so it was necessary but why?
do not waste your time on this film!
and the special effect are silly enough to do more damage to that tension.
this film is hardly good, not great at all.
but when the so called show starts everything become implausible, cheap and rather silly.
i did watch all of the film through to the disgraceful ending even though i felt so angry at what i saw.
the production value on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious.
overall the film ends up feeling more like a pastiche of image that you would see run under the closing credit of a show, rather than anything worth watching for its own merit.
what a complete piece of trash.
this movie is nothing more than an amateur, or possibly student, film.
incredibly loud and overbearing, it shows how far hollywood had to go to reach a certain level of slapstick sophistication.
i was not pleased with this film.
i do not recommend the movie even to leave on while sleeping.
but what that has to do with anything is anybody's guess, except to let the director indulge his kinky penchant for erotica.
not a great flick, and unlikely to become must-viewing for anyone's annual christmas tradition.
do not waste your time.
admitedly i did not watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism, but that was enough for me.
do not waste your money on this one.
the plot is completely predictable.
i can not believe blockbuster carries this movie
although the flock has some pretty good acting by veteran richard gere, and some okay shot that might harken some back to the silence of the lambs day, the movie stretches credibility to the breaking point and destroys itself against a plot that really leads nowhere
save your money and your time
literally, everything about it sucks.
you know you are in trouble when john cassavetes is operating at half-speed instead of full-throttle in a movie, and "the incubus" is a dreadful, worst-case scenario of a great actor going through the motion to pay the bill.
i felt mandylor and the filmmaker were spoofing crocodile dundee with his croc hunter, and this imitation might amuse where the monster itself fails.
i would not recommend to anyone that they waste the time it takes to watch it.
some may feel burned by the abrupt finale, but it should still appeal to conspiracy crank.
maybe i am missing something.. i just can not believe a movie like this can beat a classic like hddcs!
certainly not horrible, but definitely not good
overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'the hitcher' and 'spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.
and instead of wasting time with larry darrell, spend some time with lawrence durrell.
a mess of a movie.
the story was pretty awful too, could someone just fall in love with a girl because she is pretty but has the mind of a child?
i did not mean to sound homophobic, but honestly, that scene was so ridiculous.
the tragic truth is that it is so entirely valueless on every level that one can not help but laugh.
all in all pretty poor.
well, that made it too much work for most person to watch the shield which languished as one of the most over-hyped and unwatched show of all time.
i had to laugh at that movie "roach" stuart pankin and the party bully were even more ridiculous, view at own risk!
so why does hollywood keep making junk like this?
i have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is.
there are some element that save this movie from being a total catastrophe, but are overshadowed with bad acting, plot hole, deus ex machina thrown in, stupid dialog, weak script, and predictable clichés
the film, as a whole, is a bit unfocused and the ending, and much of the third act, is really a big mess.
so in conclusion, the only reason to own this film is for collection purpose.
my word cannot convey how painful it was to watch.
most of the film is shot with a hand-held camera that could induce nausea.
i am still trying to figure out if that was the worst dubbing ever
there is not an original moment in this whole movie
please avoid
in contention for worst movie ever
what a bad movie
this movie is a cliché-ridden piece of junk
my trailing thought thesis had more continuity, plot, character development, antagonism, subject matter, and acting then the entirety of this film
you may want to skip this one
this movie is trash
this is one of the worst movie i have ever seen
i pity the cast
this is a horrible movie
the script and dialogue is laughable
the narration was idiotic
zero sense of timing, editing
give it a miss
it is one of his poorest role
there was not a laugh to be had
its awful i can not believe that one of the greatest nonsense in the world can be a blockbuster and the favorite movie of million of person
as a stand alone film i found this very boring
this movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had
i was so horrified by this movie
the film must be pretty boring if i am wondering these thing when the supposed plot was unfolding
what a disappointment
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen
seriously crappy movie
there was not even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie
the idea just was not all that original
this film can not even be said to be bad for it is sadly, just painfully mediocre
skip this film if you want to keep your soul
what an appalling piece of rubbish
it was just not my cup of tea
turgid dialogue, feeble characterization
i did not laugh not even once
the actor that they had portray ryan phillippe's christian and sarah michelle gellar's kathryn are very poor substitute indeed
this movie was pretty average
i do not know if there is any plot
the comedy is not funny at all
you do realize that you have been watching the exact same show for eight year
the lack of clarity about the game's rule render it incomprehensible, and eventually wearing
they get worse every time
too terrible for word
a cheap exploitation film
i found it very very difficulty to watch this after the initial 5 minute of the film
i left neither entertained nor enlightened
i think micheal ironside acting career must be over
i detest such concept because they add to public idiocy
there goes an hour and a half of my life i will never see again
the source of that quote has lost all credibility with me
no reason to bother renting this flick
this movie is just horrible
tobe hooper is quite possibly the biggest fluke the horror genre has to offer
too many scene out of context
keep some dignity
the movie is very lengthy and unfortunately pretty different from the novel
this movie is bad news
priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story
he is supported by lame actor, cheap special effect and unfunny gags
the female character was annoying as well
i do not recommend giving up the time to watch this movie
there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action
the execution and the script is mediocre
it is so remarkably low-budget, underscripted, underacted, and hit every 70's cliche except disco
this mini-series is actually more entertaining
one of the five worst movie i have ever watched
we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring
joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson
i also hate the way they depict computer monitor technology in movie
this movie does not have high and lows
the acting is horrible
its filled with b level tv actor sitting in paneled room with lawn chair trying to act a script that makes almost no sense
it is grotesuque and awful
dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable
the writing range from mediocre to horrid, however
it totally sucks
technically not an all-together bad movie just an extremely forgettable one
this film induces shock
not a good film at all
overall, i definitely did not like this movie
do not waste your time watching this
truly terrible, pretentious, endless film
this movie is so unfunny
entrail of a virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible
this movie's maker were the real slacker
i found that this movie was terrible
the actor did a really good job playing their role--particularly the mom
i wont take too much time here, just wanted to state that darkman 3 is awesome
it is some weird bad rip off version of stephen king movie "misery (1990)"
the dialog are dumb
i strongly suggest that no one see this movie ever
it is that awful
it contains the uprising of the oppressed
bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event
worth seeing only for curiosity sake
this one is boring, meandering, cheap, racist....you get the picture
a strong cast is utterly wasted, scene repeatedly end at the least interesting moment and the script says nothing new
this was a disappointing film
it is enjoyable and fast-paced
the ideal breeding ground for potentially horrific horror tale
the scripting between the creative gore moment is rather unbearable
this movie is a "deconstructed thriller"
i love julian sand and will at least attempt to watch anything he is in
i was also disappointed with the little plot that did exist
do not waste your time or money on this film, the acting is bad, the story is just one of the worst i have come across and the script was just awful
the film itself is clumsy
caan is miscast, the character are mono-dimensional, the dialog is overly analytical, and there is virtually no establishing detail
so... it is really sexist, and classist
please do not waste +/- 2 hour of your life watching this movie - just do not
it is very hard to enjoy a film where character are screaming at the top of their lung during 80% of the movie for no reason
the music is just awful
i told him that i thought it was probably one of the silliest movie ever made
because this is not a well made film
basically, the plot line went nowhere
this was much worse
is plagued by some extremely bad acting and terribly disappointing fight sequences