a younger brother with the d.a
julie kavner and jerry stiller lend their distinctive voice to two new character: timon's mother and uncle.
i do not want to reveal the entire story because it is a verhoeven movie and the end of the film is really surprising
when "silverlake life" was originally released, i was deeply involved in hiv/aid education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an hiv/aid clinic.
question...did anyone else sit through all 4 hour of "the swarm" ?
who has not go through this?
i studied spanish in high school as well as in college
after going for a bike ride that day, lying beside a lake in a nature reserve, spending half an hour feeding and talking to a donkey who lived in a beautiful field with a small wood in it, this film made absolute sense to me
just look at how the medium covered this year's oscar, giving much attention to the elia kazan scandal
i saw this movie on the bifff festival in brussel, spring 2004
by the way, did you know that annie hall was first conceived as a murder mystery?
what a euphoric way to spend your youthful day
did i say that?
i have seen other movie depicting the history of this famous summer and in my opinion, none of the other can compare.
over 20 year later they agree to get together for a tv special...but find out they still hate each other.
the idea was, that by emphasizing how short-lived are even the mightiest work of human, a sense of the timelessness of art would be expressed
the segment are devised around the same theme, "love in paris", but the resemblance ends there
and there is nothing they can do about it, it is something they have to live with.
and it does not conform to the hollywood norm (you will see what i mean, when you see the film)when i was a kid, i remember seeing advertisement for the film.
this allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or was not in the musical (however, it tainted me when i watched the musical :) )
she wears a very flattering make-up and has very attractive hairstyle and oh, those lovely big eye (especially, in the restaurant scenes that take place in london's soho).
i saw it last night and woke up today thinking about it.
tracy's fidelity to tess is tested by the tempting advance of breathless mahoney (madonna), who is also big boy's main squeeze.
in the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality.
i just went to a screening of the film during expresion en corto, a short film festival in guanajuato, mexico.
an armband bought for the girl by the boxer continues to pop up throughout the movie as a symbol of her unfaithfulness.
basically the movie takes place in ireland, and gypo turn in a friend in the rebel movement to the english to collect 20 pound to give to his girlfriend
this means that the photo is not just an iconic picture of reality (by which reality turns into a sign), but becomes an alternative form of reality which can change as the "real" reality can.
i have seen many, many film and have reviewed a great deal of them, in print.
set in the distant past after the ice age, it is a prehistoric sword-and-sorcery quest between good and evil.
bauer is called to his office in order to discover who is behind all this and, at the same time, figure his daughter's path to the unkwown after fleeing from her bedroom.
the story starts off with dell henderson (colonel pepper) driving daughter davy into hollywood, certain she will become tinseltown's newest sensation
i am normally skeptical about watching film or mini-series based on novel because the screenplay is always different from the novel.
but floraine has a secret; the bombshell has a bombshell, which "naissance de pieuvre" reveal to the audience, visually, before she confide in marie.floraine has never gone, as they say, all the way, with a boy.at a party, we see a double-image of the burgeoning sex bomb checking her make-up in a bathroom mirror.
recent adapted travesty's like 'intimacy' have ruined great writing.
those who want some substance with their style, look elsewhere.
all thing in life come together as one, and a river runs through it.
strangely, i understood their point.
all much in the style back then.
the wit and pace and three show stopping busby berkley number put this ahead of the over-rated 42nd street.
but these martian are totally inept, despite being well-equipped with an arsenal of suitably ghastly and deadly weapon
nd as i am about to study film-making in canada of all place, i most certainly will bring this up in class.
she got cranky, upset, and unpleasant as the medium and the government continued their unrelenting witchhunt.
i remember i was in allahabad when this movie was running and it was somewhere in march at holi time
"fear" will soon be available on dvd.
it begins as a slow-moving western but follows to surprise us with dark character and solid plot.
from the momant they meet, axel has a strong influence on egon, while the latter envy him because he has a good life without really doing anything (such as reading thick book like egon)
by this he decides to scope out seven new person who are in need of help badly who he in turns gives his life to
i have seen the premier in tel-aviv, israel in the summer of 2006, exactly when the last war has began...
just go onto the official site and the rest is simple enough.
please do not mantion marlon brando in the same breath of this man-see "taxi driver" for confirmation of this point
i would be remiss in not recognizing cinematographer william h. daniel's contribution, particularly his superlative day-for-night, open-range photography.
by the end, i was on the edge of my seat breathlessly waiting to see how it would all wrap up
how they stuck together and they tried to help tim robbin character become smart.
since our airwave are filled with crap like american idol and dancing with the star, it was nice to see a drama that was not too soap opera like.
him and allison narrow a list down and discover some of the offender have gone awol.
perhaps poking fun at know-it-all british inspector who harm a case more than solve it
they had worked together in two 1929 paramount film, the canary murder case and the greene murder case, both in the philo vance series.
gypo's guilty mind has him getting himself royally and gloriously drunk, on the reward money, that by the time he is forced to to admit his crime to his irish republican army colleague, who had the almost dead drunk and slobbering gypo on trial, the money was just about gone in his partying drinking and whoring.whatever good feeling, if that is possible, that you had for the weak minded and strong shouldered gypo was completely demolished when in an act of total desperation, in order to keep from getting shot, he falsely implicate an innocent man mulligan, donald meek, in his crime of informing on his friend frankie mcphillip.
it has four story all somewhat connected by a house.
it skips quite a lot of thing, since both fellowship and the two tower are compressed into one two hour movie.
funny how her mother is played by elizabeth the 1st and william iv is played by prince albert
so while the chorus girl shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective victor mclaglen ogles the girl while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman
power relation become a vital theme, as society's outsider merge in a mini-family.
society en masse is much less evolved than the individual feel ensured that we are
and... they need not worry about reporting in to the parole officer, because his moral weakness leads him to stash his wandering wife in the basement
republic's vast store of stock footage from serial and b's was utilized to give scope.
a have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an sob who has a long term girlfriend.
as i read the escalating number of woman and child dying in iraq, i am thinking, "where did we lose our sense of honor as a person?"
i remember first watching sabrina when it came to tv in the uk on itv1 when i was 13/14.
when looking for an old classic film to watch a few week ago (now being 15), i dug out the vhs of homeward bound.
we are a decent country, but why does our medium and government have such a problem with sharing with the poor?
just imagine what school would have been like in a world like this: the kid are one big gang who have really good taste in music and unite against bad headmaster and teacher.
unexperienced in the way of female and courting, brooklyn quickly enlists joe to help him win aunt susie over.
remember when john was in love with diana hyland from eight is enough, think of ashton with demi moore.
that is to say, they were not slave, but they were still exploited to a certain extent
it is much more subtle than, say, babel, and has a much more close-to-home ideal
she nails mrs. chamberlain's mannerism, the accent, and even look.
especially at christmas time, because there also appears a "mc santa claus"
at the time i was eleven year old, so perhaps i was too young to really get into the storyline and understand the whole scenario.
but the bomber has already struck and haim has left the restaurant just minute earlier.
as for the " special relationship " between britain and america - what special relationship ?
i would say most likely he was in his prime back in the late sixties/early seventy and anything lately has been a bit too strange for me, and it takes a lot for me to declare that.
about 4 year later i had the privilege of seeing luciano pavarottus sing at the metropolitan opera house in new york (in tosca) so seeing the ending of this film reminds me very much of that great night.
though both guy are initially attracted to grayson, she eventually voices a preference to joe but clarence later hooks up with a waitress (pamela britton)who, he learns is from his hometown of brooklyn.
until she had met cortland, she did not understand why these man gave up everything for happiness.
if you have digital cable, one gets the menu on bottom of screen to give what is on.
if i remember, ira gershwin, the lyricist and brother of george, offered the gershwin catalog for this film and it was snapped up by the producer.
one reason i was a 'frequent viewer' was that i, and my friend, would bring other "groove tube" virgin to see it.
he is riddled with doubt, he is drug addicted, he is paranoid, he is surrounded by those who want to take him on in a bloody take-over, his trophy 80's american blonde drug addicted wife he finds out is a bore, he needs to keep atop of his empire because...he is going down
instead of picking on psychiatry, it defines it, not as someone who heals you magically, but rather through the necessity of talking out your feeling to an impartial someone you can trust will not judge you, but rather will guide you though your thought.
this is not a new release, it is out on video and air on cable almost every week.
even when everyone knows how this is all going to end due to the fact its all based on real life event
an american flag stands proudly on the centre of his desk in the foreground of the shot, but as he speaks, it slips out of focus as his plan veer into morally dubious territory, as if it does not want to be associated with the course of action the government man decides is necessary in the interest of national security.this shot effectively captures the mood of the film.
it was england in the 90's, both urban and rural, without being depressing.
i felt really sorry for toby (will thorp) when he came out of the possession for the 2nd time because he was so scared.
he gets picked up for speeding by the sheriff on purpose.
of course hollywood has often had an "any old accent will do" policy - my other favorite is greta garbo (swedish) as mata hari (dutch), who falls in love with a russian soldier played by a mexican (ramon novarro).
after the war, he lives anonymously until competing faction wish to dig up his past.
there was no cast listing, which reinforced the documentary flavor.
luise rainer is a servant girl who gets married to muni.
i have always had the philosophy that every single human being has different taste,
in black mask, jet li plays a bio-engineered super-killer turned pacifist, who has to fight against other super-killer.
this picks up about a year after the event in "basic instinct".
this may be because i have become desensitized over the year do to my obsession with horror, but i think it is safe to say that any true gorehound could sit through this with ease
lily's father had forced his daughter into prostitution at the age of 14 and she grew up in a steel mill of a town with very poor person and her father ran a speakeasy which brought into his home all kind of male character who had their eye on lily.
although there are plenty of thoroughly interesting thing you could talk about; it is sort of like my dinner with andre, where there is a conversation, but it is not just the conversation that matter
the fear is not in death, but in not knowing.the acting is roundelay good.
paulie helps marie learn to talk and they become best friend.
she finds that she can not afford most property she looks at, but thinks her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment for an affordable price.
there are moment when she almost teeter, but she consistently exudes charm.
the next game i planned to get was everything or nothing, because my friend told me that it was better than the two game i already had.
the planet'ss natural resource have been exhausted and basic food has been reduced to simple staple.
i am sorry it did not materialize into a series.
she showed that she could do comedy in the original series, but it was mostly wasted in this movie.
just a note to add to the above comment.
as a man is running through the forest from the creature, he spots the expedition that has gone on looking for it.
polouse believe jean simmon is guilty of a crime, when she plainly is not.
after analysis, dr. melfi concludes that tony's problem actually derive from his mother livia, who's suspected to have borderline-personality disorder
the dad is called jame, he tries to run the house, but his wife florida always gets the better of him.
i watched the movie while recovering from major surgery.
probably the two main significance of "elmer's pet rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "a wild hare" now has a name, and that he utters his famous "of course you realize this means war!"
a few year later, murder begin to occur...even though he only made two giallo's, miraglium does have his own set of tribute.
though he could be accused of killing her, he really kills only her spirit and will to live, after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dy from an overdose.
one family braves the cold, the treacherous mountain range and predatory criminal only to discover that there is not always a shining white light at the end of the tunnel.
their reason was "black and hispanic drag queen are not academy material".
ship sunk by air-power, an undeclared enemy sneak attack by airplane.
the hospital staff and his fellow wounded marine can not get through to him.
we witness how he goes from respected professional to psycho murder in a day.
after a wonderful first day, lindy put baby azarium to sleep in one of the tent.
went and saw it with the girlfriend last night and had to use the "i think there might be something in my eye" routine.
modesty's history as a child is shown and is very true to the original.
i missed it when it was first on in 2003.
veoh.com is your last hope to get hold of episode unavliable in the shop.
fred astaire and ginger roger, hollywood's premiere dance team, were usually dressed to the nine and gliding through elaborately exaggerated art deco set in the 1930's.
space cobra is the funky tale of a smuggler and rogue who becomes involved with the three sister of an ancient and dead planet and an evil force who wants to harness the planet power.
he asks the cab driver how to find this guy.
dr. felix benet (bela lugosi) develops an antidote--but rukh start to go mad due to the radium and the antidote and sets out to kill all he believed wronged him
on the other hand, my two daughter fell asleep on the couch!
that the abortion is only an easy exit: sadness, regret and unhappiness will be there after abortion.
naturally, cutter and macchesney drum up assorted scheme to derail ballentine's plan.
who owns how many zombie to do their bidding like robot (they have become a mark of social status)?
the bond made between man and horse in this film was so inspiring and made you want to spend more time with your horse.
after grace hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just occasionally dancing solo.
as the day, week and month begin to pass jack become more and more insane, danny keep 'seeing' thing and person while wendy become frantic as she does not have a clue what is happening to her family, as a heavy snowstorm leaves them trapped jack finally loses it.
he is the quintessential narcissist and manipulator; in this case, portraying attorney (and murderer) tom capano
he imitates the original shan te, tries all manner of trick to get into shaolin temple to learn and eventually gets some unique skill to fight some bullying boss.
at first everyone is trying to hide the truth from marcel
through the coarse of event kei's true nature is shown, yet no one shuns him away
errol flynn had one of his favorite role as the brash braggart from a fighting irish family who went on to become the heavyweight champion of the world at a time when john l. sullivan (ward bond) went around claiming that he "could beat any man alive."
the story starts with charlie escaping from death row and swaggering off to the nearest club to do some gambling.
he trades his mechanical skill by some food and lodging, and has an affair with giovanna.
the objective now is to get 50 car stolen in 3 day, with the help of randall (nicolas cage), a ‘retired' booster and also kip's brother and a couple of old friend of randall's.
soon he begins to go too far, feeding a growing sense of unease in sterling, especially when his son begins to idolize the wily criminal.
corbett leaves his mundane life behind and builds a new persona as gentleman jim.
on the one hand we have deputy major, eddy calhoun (cusack) unknowingly tearing at the old boys network that forms the hart of major of new york's administration and on the other hand we have the mob boss zappati who's deliberately trying to maintain the status quo through all mean necessary.
email me for a chance to see it
i just want to warn anyone who has seen this film or plan to watch this film as presented cbc television in canada: the version that air are the cbc is like the reader's digest version of whale music---do not watch it.
they could not live together, nor apart.
macarthur's speech portrayed in the film as his 1962 address to the u.s. military academy on accepting the thayer award did not contain the phrase "old soldier never die; they just fade away."
he is trying to atone for his sin - yes, gary did attempt suicide after the initial doc was aired - through correction, commentary, and convention, reclaiming such hollywood-narrative standbys as the best friend and the defiant happy ending
instead of a jewish/russian milkman, the protagonist gustad noble is a banker in 1970's bombay during the time of the muslim/hindi war with pakistan.
cleveland is more than just a business owner, he is the town boss which he runs from a wheelchair.
the one moment of naturalism is when atilla holds his baby son for the first time, and lang actually emphasises the tenderness of this scene by building up to it with the wild, frantic ride of the hun.
who can forget in the first film when she tells the cop, "if you are gonna arrest me do it...otherwise get the f**k out of here!"
best line missing from the quote section btw ~ 'once you have had a clown, you never go back!
and "do you have a flag?"
the plot of this one follows a man that invents a cloth that neither gets dirty nor break.
i had the tv on for a white noise companion and heard" $400 for a fully furnished apartment" so i ran into the tv room expecting another 70's flick and got much more.
he also let his pare not stay in his huge apartment in new york city.
while there are no extra on the dvds, and the sound quality of the print vary, these film provide insight into the mind of american two third of a century ago, when racism was overt (as in many of the classic warner brother pro-war cartoon of the era), and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of fact.
(note to fellow sker: they appear to be using norton sound kayak with single blade paddle)
it is loaded with bonus feature that include about 6 hour of documantaries and different commantary track.
some are braindead while other say funny line, but who expects consistency when it comes to italian horror?
i am 34 now, have not seen it since i was 12-14
along the way, the hit-man in trying to hide in a dump, finds a woman being raped and mistreated by some man
however the only reason i wanted to see it in the first place was because i was curious about what the great henry fonda was really like at his peak.
i watched this over the christmas period, i do not know why but it reminds me of christmas so i watched it, so there we are.
the film opens with hanzos assistant scared by a ghost, and typically he decides straight away that he needs to have carnal knowledge of this ghost.
deranged and graphically gory japanese film about little being taking person over and turning them into necroborg-zombie like machines- which beat and hack each other apart so that the winner can eat the loser.
sinatra try hard but is wrong for the role for several reason as nathan detroit
check out the schedule here - http://www.hbo.com/apps/schedule/ scheduleservlet?action_detail=detailandfocus_id=598947
this samurai war between heiki's clan versus genji's clan touch the zenith in the final showdown at gojo bridge.
something the recent tomb raider film lacked.
nowaday, joe bob (real name: john bloom) is confined to doing the supplemental feature of such classic as "i spit on your grave" (featuring what some exploitation fan call the greatest gang rape on film of all time), and jason x, one of the most reviled friday the 13th sequel of all time (the series was never the same once it left paramount).
a few summer space camper actually were accidently sent into space by a robot.
wilhelm grimm is totally unrepentant and one by one witness are called who reveal grimm's life since 1919 in a series of flashback.
new york police detective mark dixon (dana andrew) is a guy who has to deal with his own demon on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal up and down of everyday life.
see if you can recognize john goodman before he put on weight
as the sullivan drive round america trying to escape from a psychotic hit man you think of the getaway , irish gangster is miller's crossing whilst the subtext of guilt and redemption can be summed up by coppola and leone's gangster epic.
i found this show really late at night, and gave it a try.
it was being shown on "chiller theatre," a regular fright feature that i watched religiously as a young 'un.
i own the fullscreen version
pensacola is world renowned as a navy town, an aviation town, a lumber town, and sometimes even as a hotbed for political controversy
what do man do when they are with a situation that is "hard pressed" in real life?
lauren bacall is appealing as the british girl who falls for him.
the fabric repel dirt and can never wear out!
when his wife is framed for murdering the governor by a team using a look-a-like cyborg, it is up to eric to clear her name.
today they showed vanilla sky on tv and as i had nothing better to do
the plot consists of lily mar tagging along after producer john thornway for her big break.
at first we were confused and were screaming for the dvd player to be turned off but thankfully in our abnormal state no-one could be bothered.
he does not seem to lack money, nor is he in any danger.
in comparison to march of the penguin or grizzly man, it does not really hold any measure but it stands great on its own.
with the exception of stewart and novak, the warlock and witch represented that alternative lifestyle.
at one point, newcombe pull stunt designed to generate publicity by sending appare not death threat and hate message to the warhol (in a box containing live ammunition and insult like a bar of soap 'to clean up their act')
when i was over at hollywood video i looked through their clearance out movie and there was demonicu for five buckaroo plus fifty percent off
"we are in heaven and we just mugged three person."
this lack of willie is again just being faithful to the modesty blaise chronology since the movie takes place in the very early day of modesty's career.
bill pullman is weakest with his lazy drawl and gravelly way of talking
i went to this movie only because i was dragged there and i would have left again immediately because the audience consisted mainly of elderly person and i felt out of place.
i first saw blood of the samurai at its premiere during the hawaii international film festival.
when we left the theatre, michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it
there are some animal in danger to disappear.
i recently rented this doc, having remembered hearing about it from imdb.com and being intrigued by the premise.
lugosi also has some of the best line in the film, including a memorable warning to the police trying to catch rukh, of which i am in alignment with horror film writer john soister on - "and if he (rukh) touches anyone?"
mistaken for a contract killer named lyle from dallas he is shocked to be offered $10,000 to murder the wife of bar owner wayne brown
they recognize that they went to film school in la and are obviously proud of that fact.
a map is found by a mystery man who turns out to be the scorpion but know one know who he is.
but hey tell me if you really know some film which is similar to pet sematary!
an expedition is sent out from earth to the fourth planet of altair, a great mainsequence star in constellation aquilae to find out what happened to a colony of settler which landed twenty year before and had not been heard from since
i have to remind myself the time this took place!
one hopes that future will come sooner rather than later
to me a matter of life and death is just that
some movie i love did poorly at the box office
growing up in orange county in the 80's i surfed up and down the local beach and so did my dad when he was a teenager
it is not a good idea to think too much either during or after the movie
it is a tale of survival of woman in feudal japan
he brought havoc onto his colony when he destroyed the food that were for the superior grasshopper
and except for a few slip out of georgia into chicago on the part of
she will hopefully be around for a real long time
o my gosh... just give me a minute to breath
the film itself took less than a month to film as johnny felt the strong presence of god guiding him through it
i am not going to say what, if you have not seen it...you will have to find out for yourself
raggedy ann and andy is the first movie i ever saw in the theater
there are many of his work that are more hilarious
while i have a great respect for disney's animated film, as of late they have not really been what i would call "must-see"
if you remember correctly, the first episode steven deknight directed was agless from season 4
do not buy the dvd
a sort of multi layered drama that focuses on a man writing a play about his life experience that are happening to him right at this moment
joe makes some money and soon joe takes ratso on a ratso's dream spot, florida
but after reading the reviews here, i decided to give it another chance and bought the dvd set and watched the whole pilot the first day i got it
joan fontaine is "a damsel in distress" in this 1937 musical starring fred astaire, george burn, and gracie allen
i will be keeping an eye on the future releases of the director and the cast
the dentist really starts to loose his mind
first of all, burton would not be burton, if he would not refuse to call it a remake from the start; it is a `re-imagining'
when i started watching "fay grim", i had no idea that it was a sequel to "henry fool"
i went to see hamlet because i was in between job
jover plays the vampire very seductive and very sexy, moving as lithe as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in thin, light almost transpare not very erotic cloth
she turns the table and gives jame russo a taste of his own medicine
i went mainly because disney promised to plant a tree if i go see it on the opening weekend
the great cinematic musical were made between 1950 and 1970
i read the book and saw the movie
when i first heard about moon child, i thought it was a joke
i am mainly rating this film through child's eye because i have not seen it in year
he is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother
if you have ever read and enjoyed a novel by tom robbin you will appreciate this movie as a whole-hearted attempt to translate his outrageously unconventional writing style into a workable piece of big screen art
this is a poker of movie everyone should have in his private video collection
one would have to be completely "out of touch" with, or completely indifferent to, the behavior of teenager to miss the resounding authenticity in what these three young lady bring to the screen
if you cannot enjoy a chick flick, stop right now
he does not have to verbalize or rationalize his action, he simply decides and takes action
the past few month i have collected voyager season 4 to 7 on dvd (i only had 1 to 3 on video before that, because ke is my favourite character) and have just reached the end
let's hope the producer and cast get the next series "crusade" up to the standard of b5
hat off to the courage of the swiss crew who did that
i remember this movie from the 50s when i was in college
i hope they put this show on dvd or something
scarecrow kind of remembered me of "child of the corn", but still not
there is always a risk, when making message about the value and dignity of "common person"
i was also surprised to find that the voice of paulie was performed by jay mohr
i was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending
polly moran is a maid
it is hard to say which episode was my favorite
there are many plot and turn
as a long time red sox fan, i just had to go see the movie
you have to see it to believe it
this is the only time i can not decide which was better, the book or the movie
i will go into the plot later on
well, magic work in mysterious way
there is a legion of mick garris hater out there who feel he could not direct a horror film of quality if he had to
abhay deol's second film, written by imtiaz ali, maiden directorial effort by shivam nair
good rental
hamilton is best known for his nude, but they are just a part of his work
i thought the chase was put aside the relationship between the two was foreground i think
i had heard this movie was good from a lot of my friend that saw it
i am thirteen, and you do not see me whining, especially since i was exactly like patty before i re-accepted christ into my heart
i am one of jehovah's witness and i also work in an acute care medical facility
china and its person is an amazing canvas for film-maker
i remember movie about vietnam or wwii, lot of firing, everybody dy, bam bam
the plot, however, is completely different
the cut made before the film went into release are forever lost
in a side-note, the film's technical advisor was laurie cabot, salem's official witch
i first saw this in the movie theater when it came out, and the crowd was really into the movie which made the experience all the more fun
four macho rough'n'tumble guy and three sexy gal venture into a remote woodland area to hunt for a bear
i stumbled on this series rather by accident
"10 item or less" has a similar conceit to film like "before sunrise," "lost in translation," or more recently "once."
yet he is totally tough and icy cool
she ends up falling for stewart, but not before she is passed around a bit
i remember this movie in particular when i was a teenager, my best friend was telling me all about this movie and how it freaked her out as a kid
why can not more director these day create horror movie like "the shining"
based on the tragic event of the september 11th 2001 in the united state of america, eleven director were invited to give their approach to the american tragedy
like a streetcar named desire (also directed by gadg both on stage and screen) panic in the street depicts a new orlean in which its major claim to fame - the birthplace of jazz - does not even rate a mention
this type of love was considered shameful and something to at least keep hidden at that time
i was not alive in the 60's, so i can not guarantee that this movie was a completely accurate representation of the period
we should remember something like the war forever
you are not supposed to compare this to an arthouse film or to a bloody slasher film
twitch, i think, is the voice of nemo from "finding nemo"
like its unofficial remake, murder at the windmill (1949), the murder plot is just an excuse for an elaborate girlie show with kitty carlisle and gertrude michael leading a cast of super-decorative girl including ann sheridan, lucy ball, beryl wallace, gwenllian gill, gladys young, barbara fritchie, wanda perry and dorothy white
when troubled housewife is brutally murdered by a bizarre stranger, the victim's son joins with a prostitute to uncover the killer
i do not wanna write a book here
diana has found her elemant
she becomes the centre of the film's universe as well as our
the only notable thing about this film is that it was steve mcqueen's first big starring role
portray the day to day stark reality of survival on a ranch in the old west
i saw this movie when it first came out
i took my 10-year-old daughter to see nancy drew over the weekend
how will he know which of them is bad
am i saying this because i am a huge silverstone fan
the wife later rebel against the blackmail scheme but is killed in a fit of rage
this is, above all else, the typical crown international picture drive-in
though i am a bit too young to remember it fully, the minutiae of lancashire life in the 60 is all here
this film deals with the irish rebellion in the 1920s and more specifically one man's life after he informs on a friend for the bounty on his head and the subsequent consequence
she portrays a jewish girl who behaves really confronting the status quo of that century
i recently watched the '54 version of this film with judy
it is not what happens, it is how.and a note of warning: there are also some fart joke
the documentary present an original theory about "gun, germ and steel"
some film manage to survive almost on originality alone
after reviewing this intense martial art movie for the first time in nearly 18 year
i am only wondering what happened to miss porter
despite hollywood's "dialogue" myopia, cinema is not about dialogue
you will be able to recall experience from your own life
in fact i saw this movie the night after i had been at a crazy party
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre
possibly because puma is now having a massive comeback

nobody truly understands the logic behind the numbering of italian zombie-flick, but – honestly – why would we bother
when i first found out that brian krause was going to be in this movie, i wanted to watch
i once lived with a roommate who attempted suicide
what is very french about this film is the time taken to establish the two leading character
dear god where do i begin
legend of zu is possibly 6hours condensed into 1h40
i started watching it about two and a half year ago
he views the earth and nature with such admiration and respect that it is primitive in a good sense
this is the second movie based on the life and time of ultra hung porn star, john curtis estes, better known as john holme
when i was six yo, i learned about a series called "los campeone", and even if i was just a kid i did everything i need to convince my pare not to let me watch "the champion" and "the avenger" once every week
how much to russia, how much to britian
hispanic and asian in particular seem cursed to playing villain in western and action movie
i am a big fan of film where person get conned
but good there is also a pause-button
i was a junior in high school when this sitcom first aired on abc
i really like film that surprise you with some person that are not who they want you to believe and then twist and turn the plot
this film may have a questionable pedigree because it was made for tv
first off, i would just like to say what a big fan of bette midler's i am
should anybody be surprised that these 3000 death are given the same weight elsewhere as the west gives to thousand tutsi, tamil, bosnian, chilean, kurdish (need we go on) victim
a time-traveling convict from the future who literally does not know whether he is coming or going as a team of scientist keep sending him back to the wrong era while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that is deadly to human but harmless to animal
white man + progress + industrialization = bad
i am an major movie buff, most documentary do not hold my attention
while this movie will not go down in the annal of great cinema, it is a fun way to spend an hour and a half with the family
so just sit back and watch a cool film with great big robot in it
i just got puzzled why damn fox canceled the season3
this is keaton's first feature-length film of his own
let's begin with that theme song sung by christopher cross
i first saw this video 15 year ago
jeremy brett is sherlock holme and in my opinion there can be no other
i saw this movie again as an assignment for my management class
at the end of the film, we know who we are
shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of person nowaday
in iran, woman are not permitted to attend man's sporting event
this one has a disguise and has national color as warpaint
religious bigotry is rampant everywhere
the film is side spliting from the outset
it is a documantary of real life
dressed to kill start off with kate miller
but this is not a tour, and there are no stopover for soaking in the sight
this movie (with the alternate title "martial law 3" for some reason) introduced me to jeff wincott for the first time
with her fear of audience and dislike of such performing, this may have been the toughest part for her, but if so, to her credit it does not show
i have not read through all the comment, but at least one poster mentioned that the 30 minute version might possibly be abridged
chance are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film
as does the look in nicole kidman's eye when she is offering john his first taste of intimacy in a long time
i still find my self giggling at the scene where zane prances down a set of step for no appare not reason in an almost ballet style
like many person here, i started out finding my patience being tried by this film
australian woman are hot
i am 19 year old
redd foxx always a clown of comedy
please make sure you have seen night of the living dead
only thing it needed more of was dana delany, what a babe
i saw this in detroit in what must have been its original run
dahl seems to bring out the best in folk
next time you ask yourself "what is the meaning of life"
i lost my father at 17 year old